His mother is a lowly person who collects waste
He was a porter.
Then don't you have to rush to this banquet hall?
Linlin
Which of the two of us has no face or skin?
I think you have an idea.
Hey, sister, don't be familiar with this trash
Zhang Xiaocheng, this is a big family party
Didn't you say you didn't come here to eat soft rice?
Why didn't I see your gift?
You don't come to eat with empty hands, do you?
Ahahaha
Not even a gift
Inferior people just haven't seen the world
I don't even understand basic etiquette
He was a porter.
How could there be anything that could be used?
The city guard came with us
Are you going too far by talking like that?
Miss Qi, I advise you.
Don't speak up for this kind of porter
A rustic person like him
How can it be compared to us?
Brother Shoucheng makes money with his own hands
It's much cleaner than a bed warmer like yours
You have no right to talk about him
Little girl, what did you say?
You'd better keep your hands and feet clean for me
Okay, stop arguing